introduction.mdx, before:

---
icon: "hand-wave"
title: "Introduction"
description: "ChainPatrol is the brand protection platform for leading Web3 companies"
---

Our mission at ChainPatrol is to protect your community and brand from scammers.

* 🖥️ Our 24/7 Monitoring detects scammers targeting your community across X (formerly Twitter), Discord, Telegram, and Google Ads.

* 🔐 **ChainPatrol** gets these scams blocked at the wallet level, preventing users from signing malicious transactions.

* 🤝 We are working with Metamask and other wallets on a blocklist that warns users when they go to a scam URL or are about to transfer to a scammer's wallet address.

## Getting Started

To get started with ChainPatrol, check out any of the following:

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="Reporting Flow" icon="user-police" href="/reporting-flow/overview">
    Learn about our process of reporting scams and getting them blocked
  </Card>

  <Card title="API Docs" icon="book" href="/external-api/overview">
    Learn about our APIs and how to use them to check for scams
  </Card>

  <Card title="Request API Key" icon="flask" href="https://chainpatrol.typeform.com/to/LC66S3Bt">
    Request access to our APIs and get started with our services
  </Card>

  <Card title="Changelog" icon="rocket" href="https://chainpatrol.com/changelog">
    See what's new in the ChainPatrol app and what we're working on
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

Commit message:

update blocklist details and introduction

introduction.mdx, after:

---
icon: "hand-wave"
title: "Introduction"
description: "ChainPatrol is the brand protection platform for leading Web3 companies"
---

ChainPatrol is a brand protection company. We help stop impersonation and phishing attacks that target brands and employees. For example, think of fake domains impersonating a company's website or fake Twitter profiles and Telegram profiles.

ChainPatrol protects your end users by identifying impersonations of your brand, blockisting domains across a network of integrations, and handling takedowns across fake domains, registrars, social media platforms, app stores, and e-commerce platforms.

1. First step is detection. ChainPatrol scans the entire internet to identify impersonations of your brand and team. We monitor all newly registered domains daily and perform deep scans across social media platforms like X, LinkedIn, Facebook, and others. We also scan for email impersonation, fake phone numbers, fake videos, and App Store impersonation.

2. Once a domain is identified as malicious, it goes on the ChainPatrol block list. These domains are blocked across 20+ crypto wallets in minutes. We also block listed domains across Google Safe Browsing, reaching Chrome and other browsers. Any user visiting the malicious link is shown a warning.

3. After blocklisting, we handle full legal takedowns. ChainPatrol works with domain hosting and registrars take down domains and social media platforms to suspend accounts across X, Telegram, LinkedIn, Youtube, and other platforms.

ChainPatrol handles not only direct brand impersonation, but also impersonation of your team and fake support accounts targeting your users.

## Getting Started

To get started with ChainPatrol, check out any of the following:

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="Reporting Flow" icon="user-police" href="/reporting-flow/overview">
    Learn about our process of reporting scams and getting them blocked
  </Card>

  <Card title="API Docs" icon="book" href="/external-api/overview">
    Learn about our APIs and how to use them to check for scams
  </Card>

  <Card title="Request API Key" icon="flask" href="https://chainpatrol.typeform.com/to/LC66S3Bt">
    Request access to our APIs and get started with our services
  </Card>

  <Card title="Changelog" icon="rocket" href="https://chainpatrol.com/changelog">
    See what's new in the ChainPatrol app and what we're working on
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
