general/discord-bot.mdx, before:

---
title: ChainPatrol Discord Bot (BETA)
sidebarTitle: Discord Bot
description: A Discord bot that can be used submit scam reports to ChainPatrol
---

<Warning>
  This is a beta feature. If you have any feedback or suggestions, please let us
  know in our [Discord server](https://chainpatrol.io/discord).
</Warning>

<Frame>![ChainPatrol Discord Bot](/images/discord-bot.png)</Frame>

If you have a **Discord server**, you can use the [ChainPatrol Discord bot](https://chainpatrol.io/bot)
to let your server members submit scam reports to **ChainPatrol**. The bot will generate new
reports that get sent to your admin dashboard for review.

## Setup

<Tip>
  If you have a dedicated `scam-reports` channel, we recommend adding the bot to
  this channel and directing your server members to use the bot there for easy
  auditing
</Tip>

To add the bot to your server, you need to be an admin of the server. Then, you
can use the following link to add the bot to your server:

[🚀 Add ChainPatrol to your server](https://chainpatrol.io/bot/install)

## Usage

Once the bot is added to your server, you can use the following commands to
submit scam reports:

- `/report <url>` - Submit a scam report for the given URL

## Example

Here is an example of how to use the bot to submit a scam report:

![Example of using the ChainPatrol Discord bot](/images/discord-bot-prompt.png)
![Loading of the ChainPatrol Discord bot](/images/discord-bot-loading.png)
![Success of the ChainPatrol Discord bot](/images/discord-bot-success.png)

## Feedback

If you have any feedback or suggestions, please let us know in our
[Discord server](https://chainpatrol.io/discord).

## Privacy

The bot does not collect any personal information. It only collects the URL and
the Discord ID for the user that submitted the report (in case a moderator needs
more information about why the URL is a scam). The bot does not store any information
about the server it is added to.

## Source Code

The source code for the bot is available on GitHub: [chainpatrol/discord-bot](https://github.com/chainPatrol/discord-bot)

Commit message:

add note about linking org on chainpatrol to discord

general/discord-bot.mdx, after:

---
title: ChainPatrol Discord Bot (BETA)
sidebarTitle: Discord Bot
description: A Discord bot that can be used submit scam reports to ChainPatrol
---

<Warning>
  This is a beta feature. If you have any feedback or suggestions, please let us
  know in our [Discord server](https://chainpatrol.io/discord).
</Warning>

<Frame>![ChainPatrol Discord Bot](/images/discord-bot.png)</Frame>

If you have a **Discord server**, you can use the [ChainPatrol Discord bot](https://chainpatrol.io/bot)
to let your server members submit scam reports to **ChainPatrol**. The bot will generate new
reports that get sent to your admin dashboard for review.

## Setup

<Tip>
  If you have a dedicated `scam-reports` channel, we recommend adding the bot to
  this channel and directing your server members to use the bot there for easy
  auditing
</Tip>

To add the bot to your server, you need to be an admin of the server. Then, you
can use the following link to add the bot to your server:

[🚀 Add ChainPatrol to your server](https://chainpatrol.io/bot/install)

Then, you need to configure the bot to send reports to your admin dashboard. Right now,
this is can be done by reaching out to us on our [Discord server](https://chainpatrol.io/discord)
and letting us know that you want to add the bot to your server. We will create an organization
for you on ChainPatrol and link it to your Discord server. Then, you can use the
`/report` command to submit scam reports.

## Usage

Once the bot is added to your server, you can use the following commands to
submit scam reports:

- `/report <url>` - Submit a scam report for the given URL

## Example

Here is an example of how to use the bot to submit a scam report:

![Example of using the ChainPatrol Discord bot](/images/discord-bot-prompt.png)
![Loading of the ChainPatrol Discord bot](/images/discord-bot-loading.png)
![Success of the ChainPatrol Discord bot](/images/discord-bot-success.png)

## Feedback

If you have any feedback or suggestions, please let us know in our
[Discord server](https://chainpatrol.io/discord).

## Privacy

The bot does not collect any personal information. It only collects the URL and
the Discord ID for the user that submitted the report (in case a moderator needs
more information about why the URL is a scam). The bot does not store any information
about the server it is added to.

## Source Code

The source code for the bot is available on GitHub: [chainpatrol/discord-bot](https://github.com/chainPatrol/discord-bot)
