sdk/storage/overview.mdx, before:

---
title: Overview
description: Adapters for storing cached data for the Scam Detector
---

The [ScamDetector](/sdk/scam-detector/overview) class is designed to be used with a cache storage adapter
to reduce the number of API calls needed to perform a scam check. This is done by storing the
results of previous API calls in the cache and retrieving them when needed.

Depending on what environment you are using the SDK in, you may need to use the appropriate storage adapter.

## Adapters

| Adapter                  | Description                                                    |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Browser](./browser)     | Stores the cached data in the browser's local storage.         |
| [Extension](./extension) | Stores the cached data in the browser's extension storage.     |
| [Memory](./memory)       | Stores the cached data in memory. This is the default adapter. |

<Note>
  Are we missing an adapter? Feel free to reach out to us at{" "}
  [support@chainpatrol.io](mailto:support@chainpatrol.io?subject=Re:%20Custom%20Storage%20Adapter&body=)
  and we'll be happy to discuss implementing it.
</Note>

Commit message:

rename scam detector to threat detector

sdk/storage/overview.mdx, after:

---
title: Overview
description: Adapters for storing cached data for the Threat Detector
---

The [ThreatDetector](/sdk/threat-detector/overview) class is designed to be used with a cache storage adapter
to reduce the number of API calls needed to perform an asset scan. This is done by storing the
results of previous API calls in the cache and retrieving them when needed.

Depending on what environment you are using the SDK in, you may need to use the appropriate storage adapter.

## Adapters

| Adapter                  | Description                                                    |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Browser](./browser)     | Stores the cached data in the browser's local storage.         |
| [Extension](./extension) | Stores the cached data in the browser's extension storage.     |
| [Memory](./memory)       | Stores the cached data in memory. This is the default adapter. |

<Note>
  Are we missing an adapter? Feel free to reach out to us at{" "}
  [support@chainpatrol.io](mailto:support@chainpatrol.io?subject=Re:%20Custom%20Storage%20Adapter&body=)
  and we'll be happy to discuss implementing it.
</Note>
