external-api/report-create.mdx, before:

---
title: Report Create
openapi: "POST /report/create"
---

## Overview

The Report Create endpoint allows you to submit assets (URLs, domains, blockchain addresses, etc.) for review by the ChainPatrol team. This endpoint handles bulk submissions and provides detailed error reporting for validation failures.

## Error Responses

### 422 Unprocessable Content

Returned when the request is syntactically valid but contains validation errors or duplicate assets. This is the most common error type and provides detailed per-asset error information.

| Error Type               | Description                                           | Resolution                                           |
| ------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `DUPLICATE_ASSETS`       | Same asset appears multiple times in the report       | Remove duplicate assets from submission              |
| `INVALID_FORMAT`         | Asset format is invalid                               | Use valid URLs, domains, or blockchain addresses     |
| `ASSET_NOT_FOUND`        | Asset could not be located or created                 | Verify asset format and accessibility                |
| `ASSET_ALREADY_CORRECT`  | Asset already has the requested status                | No action needed - asset is already in desired state |
| `ALREADY_PENDING_REVIEW` | Asset has a pending proposal for the requested status | Wait for existing proposal to be processed           |
| `REPORT_ALREADY_EXISTS`  | A pending report/proposal for this asset exists       | Check existing reports or wait for processing        |
| `PROCESSING_FAILED`      | Technical error occurred during asset processing      | Retry the request or contact support                 |
| `DOMAIN_NOT_ALLOWED`     | Asset's domain is on the ignore list                  | Domain is excluded from reports per content policy   |
| `VALIDATION_ERROR`       | Generic validation error                              | Check asset format and requirements                  |

#### Example: Duplicate Assets

```json
{
  "message": "Report creation failed: Duplicate assets found. 2 asset(s) appear multiple times in the same report.",
  "code": "UNPROCESSABLE_CONTENT",
  "data": {
    "errors": [
      {
        "asset": "scam.example",
        "errorType": "DUPLICATE_ASSETS",
        "message": "This asset appears multiple times in the same report",
        "suggestion": "Remove duplicate assets from your submission - each asset should only appear once per report"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

#### Example: Multiple Validation Errors

```json
{
  "message": "Report creation failed: 2 of 3 assets are invalid. All assets must be valid to create a report.",
  "code": "UNPROCESSABLE_CONTENT",
  "data": {
    "errors": [
      {
        "asset": "http",
        "errorType": "INVALID_FORMAT",
        "message": "This asset couldn't be processed due to invalid format",
        "suggestion": "Use valid URLs (https://example.com), domains (example.com), or blockchain addresses (eip155:1:0x123...)"
      },
      {
        "asset": "decen-masters.com",
        "errorType": "DOMAIN_NOT_ALLOWED",
        "message": "This domain cannot be reported as it's on the ignore list",
        "suggestion": "This domain is currently excluded from reports based on our content policy. Please reach out to us if you believe this is an error"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

### 500 Internal Server Error

Returned for unexpected server conditions, including database errors and other technical failures. The response uses safe, generic messages to avoid exposing internal system details.

#### Standard Error Response

```json
{
  "message": "Unable to process your report. Please try again or contact support if the issue persists.",
  "code": "INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR"
}
```

#### Database Error Response

```json
{
  "message": "A database error occurred. This has been reported internally - please contact support@chainpatrol.io for assistance.",
  "code": "INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR"
}
```

## Best Practices

### Asset Validation

**URLs**: Include the full protocol (`https://` or `http://`)

**Domains**: Use clean domain names without protocols or paths

**Blockchain Addresses**: Use EIP-155 format for Ethereum addresses

**Avoid Duplicates**: Each asset should appear only once per report

### Error Handling

Always check the `data.errors` array in 422 responses for per-asset details

Use the `suggestion` field in error responses to guide users

Implement retry logic for 500 errors with exponential backoff

### Performance Tips

Batch multiple assets in a single request when possible

Validate asset formats client-side before submission

Handle rate limiting appropriately

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

**"INVALID_FORMAT" errors:**

Ensure URLs include protocol (`https://` or `http://`)

Verify domain names don't include protocols or paths

Check blockchain address format matches EIP-155 standard

**"DUPLICATE_ASSETS" errors:**

Remove duplicate entries from the assets array

Check for case sensitivity differences

Verify URL normalization (trailing slashes, etc.)

**"DOMAIN_NOT_ALLOWED" errors:**

The domain is on ChainPatrol's ignore list

Contact support if you believe this is incorrect

Consider reporting specific URLs instead of the entire domain

**"ASSET_ALREADY_CORRECT" errors:**

The asset already has the status you're requesting

Check the current asset status before reporting

No action needed - the asset is already in the desired state

### Rate Limiting

The endpoint implements rate limiting to prevent abuse. If you encounter rate limit errors:

Implement exponential backoff in your retry logic

Consider batching requests to reduce API calls

Contact support for higher rate limits if needed

## Notes

Error payload shape is stable across 422 errors; check `data.errors` for per-asset details

Provide the `organizationSlug` and valid `assets` to minimize 500s caused by invalid state

All assets must be valid for the report to be created

A report can only be created once per email address for a specific asset

For technical issues or questions about error responses, contact support@chainpatrol.io and include the full error response in your request.

Commit message:

chore: update contact information for disputes in documentation

external-api/report-create.mdx, after:

---
title: Report Create
openapi: "POST /report/create"
---

## Overview

The Report Create endpoint allows you to submit assets (URLs, domains, blockchain addresses, etc.) for review by the ChainPatrol team. This endpoint handles bulk submissions and provides detailed error reporting for validation failures.

## Error Responses

### 422 Unprocessable Content

Returned when the request is syntactically valid but contains validation errors or duplicate assets. This is the most common error type and provides detailed per-asset error information.

| Error Type               | Description                                           | Resolution                                           |
| ------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `DUPLICATE_ASSETS`       | Same asset appears multiple times in the report       | Remove duplicate assets from submission              |
| `INVALID_FORMAT`         | Asset format is invalid                               | Use valid URLs, domains, or blockchain addresses     |
| `ASSET_NOT_FOUND`        | Asset could not be located or created                 | Verify asset format and accessibility                |
| `ASSET_ALREADY_CORRECT`  | Asset already has the requested status                | No action needed - asset is already in desired state |
| `ALREADY_PENDING_REVIEW` | Asset has a pending proposal for the requested status | Wait for existing proposal to be processed           |
| `REPORT_ALREADY_EXISTS`  | A pending report/proposal for this asset exists       | Check existing reports or wait for processing        |
| `PROCESSING_FAILED`      | Technical error occurred during asset processing      | Retry the request or contact support                 |
| `DOMAIN_NOT_ALLOWED`     | Asset's domain is on the ignore list                  | Domain is excluded from reports per content policy   |
| `VALIDATION_ERROR`       | Generic validation error                              | Check asset format and requirements                  |

#### Example: Duplicate Assets

```json
{
  "message": "Report creation failed: Duplicate assets found. 2 asset(s) appear multiple times in the same report.",
  "code": "UNPROCESSABLE_CONTENT",
  "data": {
    "errors": [
      {
        "asset": "scam.example",
        "errorType": "DUPLICATE_ASSETS",
        "message": "This asset appears multiple times in the same report",
        "suggestion": "Remove duplicate assets from your submission - each asset should only appear once per report"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

#### Example: Multiple Validation Errors

```json
{
  "message": "Report creation failed: 2 of 3 assets are invalid. All assets must be valid to create a report.",
  "code": "UNPROCESSABLE_CONTENT",
  "data": {
    "errors": [
      {
        "asset": "http",
        "errorType": "INVALID_FORMAT",
        "message": "This asset couldn't be processed due to invalid format",
        "suggestion": "Use valid URLs (https://example.com), domains (example.com), or blockchain addresses (eip155:1:0x123...)"
      },
      {
        "asset": "decen-masters.com",
        "errorType": "DOMAIN_NOT_ALLOWED",
        "message": "This domain cannot be reported as it's on the ignore list",
        "suggestion": "This domain is currently excluded from reports based on our content policy. Please reach out to us if you believe this is an error"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

### 500 Internal Server Error

Returned for unexpected server conditions, including database errors and other technical failures. The response uses safe, generic messages to avoid exposing internal system details.

#### Standard Error Response

```json
{
  "message": "Unable to process your report. Please try again or contact support if the issue persists.",
  "code": "INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR"
}
```

#### Database Error Response

```json
{
  "message": "A database error occurred. This has been reported internally - please contact support@chainpatrol.io for assistance.",
  "code": "INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR"
}
```

## Best Practices

### Asset Validation

**URLs**: Include the full protocol (`https://` or `http://`)

**Domains**: Use clean domain names without protocols or paths

**Blockchain Addresses**: Use EIP-155 format for Ethereum addresses

**Avoid Duplicates**: Each asset should appear only once per report

### Error Handling

Always check the `data.errors` array in 422 responses for per-asset details

Use the `suggestion` field in error responses to guide users

Implement retry logic for 500 errors with exponential backoff

### Performance Tips

Batch multiple assets in a single request when possible

Validate asset formats client-side before submission

Handle rate limiting appropriately

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

**"INVALID_FORMAT" errors:**

Ensure URLs include protocol (`https://` or `http://`)

Verify domain names don't include protocols or paths

Check blockchain address format matches EIP-155 standard

**"DUPLICATE_ASSETS" errors:**

Remove duplicate entries from the assets array

Check for case sensitivity differences

Verify URL normalization (trailing slashes, etc.)

**"DOMAIN_NOT_ALLOWED" errors:**

The domain is on ChainPatrol's ignore list

Contact disputes@chainpatrol.io to dispute this decision

Consider reporting specific URLs instead of the entire domain

**"ASSET_ALREADY_CORRECT" errors:**

The asset already has the status you're requesting

Check the current asset status before reporting

No action needed - the asset is already in the desired state

### Rate Limiting

The endpoint implements rate limiting to prevent abuse. If you encounter rate limit errors:

Implement exponential backoff in your retry logic

Consider batching requests to reduce API calls

Contact support for higher rate limits if needed

## Notes

Error payload shape is stable across 422 errors; check `data.errors` for per-asset details

Provide the `organizationSlug` and valid `assets` to minimize 500s caused by invalid state

All assets must be valid for the report to be created

A report can only be created once per email address for a specific asset

For technical issues or questions about error responses, contact support@chainpatrol.io and include the full error response in your request.
