security-integration/submit-assets-for-scanning.mdx, before:

---
icon: radar
title: Submit Assets for Scanning
description: Submit a link to have it scanned and added to your organization's threat detection sources
---

## What is Asset Scanning?

When submitting an Asset to be scanned, ChainPatrol will run our threat engine against all submitted assets to determine if they are malicious or impersonating your organization.

If the asset passes an initial check, a report will be automatically created under your organization.

## Enabling External Threat Sources for your Organization

Reach out to the ChainPatrol team to enable external threat sources for your organization. This will allow you to submit links to be scanned and added to your organization's threat detection sources through the API.

## API Key Required

If you don't already have an API key, you can reach out to your ChainPatrol contact to get one.

## Submitting Assets for Scanning

Make a call to the [Asset-Submit API](https://chainpatrol.io/docs/external-api/asset-submit) with a list of the links that you want scanned.

Your ChainPatrol contac will confirm that submissions are being processed.

Commit message:

use threat detection instead of scanning wording

security-integration/submit-assets-for-scanning.mdx, after:

---
icon: radar
title: Submit Assets for Threat Detection
description: Submit a link to have it scanned and added to your organization's threat detection sources
---

## What is Asset Threat Detection?

When submitting an Asset for threat detection, ChainPatrol will run our threat engine against all submitted assets to determine if they are malicious or impersonating your organization.

If the asset passes an initial check, a report will be automatically created under your organization.

## Enabling External Threat Sources for your Organization

Reach out to the ChainPatrol team to enable external threat sources for your organization. This will allow you to submit links to be scanned and added to your organization's threat detection sources through the API.

## API Key Required

If you don't already have an API key, you can reach out to your ChainPatrol contact to get one.

## Submitting Assets for Threat Detection

Make a call to the [Asset-Submit API](https://chainpatrol.io/docs/external-api/asset-submit) with a list of the links that you want checked.

Your ChainPatrol contac will confirm that submissions are being processed.
