integration/github.mdx, before:

---
icon: github
title: GitHub Integration
description: Connect your GitHub repositories to ChainPatrol to protect your community from scam links and malicious content
---

## Overview

This guide will help you connect your GitHub repositories to ChainPatrol. Once connected, ChainPatrol will monitor your repository activity and help protect your community from scam links and malicious content shared in pull requests, discussions, and issues.

## Install the GitHub App

When you click connect, you'll be redirected to the [ChainPatrol GitHub App](https://github.com/apps/chainpatrol):

1. Click "Install" or "Configure"
2. Select the GitHub account or organization you want to connect
3. Choose which repositories to give ChainPatrol access to:
   - Install on all repositories (recommended for full protection)
   - Or select specific repositories
4. Review the permissions ChainPatrol is requesting
5. Click "Install" to authorize the connection
6. Select which repositories you want to grant access to

## What to Expect After Connecting

Once connected, ChainPatrol will:

- **Monitor Pull Requests**: Automatically scan links shared in PR comments and descriptions
- **Watch Discussions**: Review links posted in repository discussions for potential scams
- **Check Issues**: Analyze links in issue comments and descriptions for malicious content
- **Real-time Protection**: Send suspicious links to ChainPatrol for immediate review
- **Automated Response**: Add confirmed scam links to our global blocklist
- **Community Protection**: Hide scam comments and issues to protect your community
- **Seamless Integration**: Work behind the scenes without disrupting your development workflow

The GitHub app will only monitor public repositories and will not access your private code or sensitive information.

## Repository Requirements

For optimal protection:

- Repositories should be public (ChainPatrol focuses on protecting public communities)
- Enable Issues and Discussions if you want full monitoring coverage
- Ensure the app has the necessary permissions to read and moderate content

## Need Help?

If you encounter any issues during the connection process:

- Make sure you have admin permissions in both your GitHub organization and ChainPatrol organization
- Verify that the repositories you want to protect are public
- Try refreshing the page and attempting the connection again
- Check that Issues and Discussions are enabled on your repositories
- Contact ChainPatrol support if you continue to experience issues

That's it! Your GitHub repositories are now protected by ChainPatrol, helping keep your community safe from scams and malicious links.

Commit message:

Update GitHub integration documentation for clarity and completeness
- Revised the installation instructions for the ChainPatrol GitHub App, emphasizing the importance of adding public repositories to organization assets for full protection.
- Added a warning section to highlight critical steps in the setup process.

integration/github.mdx, after:

---
icon: github
title: GitHub Integration
description: Connect your GitHub repositories to ChainPatrol to protect your community from scam links and malicious content
---

## Overview

This guide will help you connect your GitHub repositories to ChainPatrol. Once connected, ChainPatrol will monitor your repository activity and help protect your community from scam links and malicious content shared in pull requests, discussions, and issues.

## Install the GitHub App

Visit the [ChainPatrol GitHub App's Public Page](https://github.com/apps/chainpatrol):

1. Click "Install"
2. Select the GitHub account
3. Choose which repositories to give ChainPatrol access to:
   - Install on all repositories (recommended for full protection)
   - Or select specific repositories
4. Review the permissions ChainPatrol is requesting
5. Click "Install" to authorize the connection

<Warning>
  **Important**: Please ensure that all your public repositories are also added
  to your organization assets in **Dashboard > Settings > Organization Assets**
  for complete protection coverage.
</Warning>

## What to Expect After Connecting

Once connected, ChainPatrol will:

- **Monitor Pull Requests**: Automatically scan links shared in PR comments and descriptions
- **Watch Discussions**: Review links posted in repository discussions for potential scams
- **Check Issues**: Analyze links in issue comments and descriptions for malicious content
- **Real-time Protection**: Send suspicious links to ChainPatrol for immediate review
- **Automated Response**: Add confirmed scam links to our global blocklist
- **Community Protection**: Hide scam comments and issues to protect your community
- **Seamless Integration**: Work behind the scenes without disrupting your development workflow

The GitHub app will only monitor public repositories and will not access your private code or sensitive information.

## Repository Requirements

For optimal protection:

- Repositories should be public (ChainPatrol focuses on protecting public communities)
- Enable Issues and Discussions if you want full monitoring coverage
- Ensure the app has the necessary permissions to read and moderate content

## Need Help?

If you encounter any issues during the connection process:

- Make sure you have admin permissions in both your GitHub organization and ChainPatrol organization
- Verify that the repositories you want to protect are public
- Try refreshing the page and attempting the connection again
- Check that Issues and Discussions are enabled on your repositories
- Contact ChainPatrol support if you continue to experience issues

That's it! Your GitHub repositories are now protected by ChainPatrol, helping keep your community safe from scams and malicious links.
